Do not use portals that are not yours without permission. 
Keep 1 ward radius distance between your build and someone else’s build. 
Mods come with a README file which details how to use them; be sure to read them to see all their features. 
The ZoneScouter mod has a neat feature which show sector boundaries. Install today on Thunderstore!
If you're struggling to find resources, ask around and engage with the community. Veterans can help.
Sail away from starter continents connected to spawn for less lag, more resources and more space.
If you do not have permission to be in a location that is not explicitly for the public, stay out and do not touch anything.
Do not touch other people’s graves or property.
Do not ward or block public resources like crypt doors, burial chambers, etc.
Do not build Greydwarf spawner farms on starter continents. Sail further out!
Looking to reduce instances at your base? Purchase the Base Instance Control Package in the Creator Shop!
Do not build over 7k instances on the starter continents. Help us keep the starter areas lag-free!
Creator events contain resources & overleveled gear. See the Creator Events channel to browse the events. 
Not sure what Creator Events have been recently reset? Check the Event Resets channel. 
Collect 6 differently colored Creator linen capes with the same tag and turn it at the Creator Shop to earn an Odin Cape.
Comfy Eras last ~3-5 months, but previous Era world files can be found in threads under the Announcements channel.
Keep an eye on the Modding Announcements channel for Allowed Mods on the server. These may change throughout the era.
If you can’t find a bee, the Rangers Guild has 4 quests for you to get a bee! Pop in Ranger chat and ask about them.
Want to run a shop? Or just simply make some gold? The Merchants Guild is all about buying, selling & trading!
The Slayer Guild has many PvP events! Look out for Tournaments or Thrall Duels in the discord event calendar.
Died & need a body recovery? Tag @slayer in Slayer chat on Discord. They’ll be happy to help for free!
Need some protection whilst you explore? Tag @slayer in Slayer chat on Discord. They’ll be happy to protect for free!
Love building? The Builders Guild would love to see your creativity!
Interested in a Builder's Guild competition? Check their announcements to see when they are being hosted.
Looking for the perfect tiny house? The Hobbits Guild rewards you a high comfort Hobbit home with ample storage at top rank.
Looking for a great place to build? Ping @explorer in the Explorers Guild channel for help scouting a location.
Found a T1 Explorer stash? Submit it in the Explorer Turn-in thread to earn EXP!
Exploring the map will help you earn EXP with the Explorers Guild!
Check out upcoming Comfy Events in the Event Calendar in the top left hand corner of Discord.
The mod "Get Off My Lawn" (known as GOML) makes your builds & boats indestructible. Install today on Thunderstore!
LOTR fan? Explore the Hobbit-themed Creator Events located at Adventure Hub connected to Hobbit HQ.
See every guild's rank graphic pinned in their guild channel!
Is your game crashing or a mod acting buggy? Open a ticket under #Get-Support in Discord.
Found a huge hole? Put a ticket in #Get-Support on Discord, and Moderators will patch it up.
Need food for a Guild Event or Creator Event? Ask in the Hobbit channel for a Hobbit Chef.
What do the Hobbits do? Adventurous roleplay with cooking, entertaining, exploring, fighting, and more.
Don't eat blue mushrooms! They are currency from Creator Events that can buy you neat items at the Creator Shop.
Are you a new player? Read the New Player Guide found in the New Player channel. It covers all the essentials!
Looking to run combat in elite mage gear? The Mages Guild provides the best eitr armor and staves on the server.